you know where teddy is I do you're
Billy Budd oh you don't get up there
found it did you hear that babe i found
a katie and dan it and Anton have a lot
of money money bang hey dude what's up
going to go in and boom boom ba-boompa I
got sick shit again shut up you nigger
Oh
but I can tell your dad up sup zombie
then after I don't know where the
teddies are a little bastard I just so
much killed myself I'm bring he threw
grenade and holding it what he did what
he did it was really weird and it was
and I could do that what I will do it do
you want me to or not I'm looking for
teddy i'm looking for a cuddy one teddy
is so easy once a TI nor zombies you
wanna go
wait to college oh hi but i couldnt
revive you oh they're column I did can
unify them hey areas play I could smell
bacon no that's actually mac and cheese
Oh palm Ollie wells in your here Kris
Kringle in the jingle singing oh so I
game it also attracts little toy Jones
Bobo let's go Bo come on get a awesome
dude so the bus is here hey
good night hey the box went away Rock
didn't go away all your grade this is
green here this is grain that little
nigger
I'm a fashion statement firenzi
watch me study